MC-33183: New In-store delivery feature. Updated existing information and added new topics. (#604)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/sources.md

---
title: Sources
---

> The Sources section lists the sources that contain stock for a specific product. It is used to modify the stock quantity for each product in a source. For more information about **Sources**, see [Managing Sources]({% link catalog/inventory-sources.md %}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _Sources_ section lists the sources that contain stock for a specific product. It is used to modify the stock quantity for each product in a source. For more information about sources, see [Managing Sources]({% link catalog/inventory-sources.md %}).
```

Author: applied both, thanks!

![]({% link images/images/sources_view.png %}){: .zoom}
_Sources View_

> It is possible to assign it to a source with a specific delivery method, such as an In-store delivery method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to assign it to a source with a specific delivery method, such as an in-store delivery method.
```

Author: true, does not make sense to have it here Kevin, I basically wanted to highlight that you can assign a source to a delivery method such as the in-store pickup delivery method

## Field reference

|Field|Description|
|--- |--- |
|Name|The unique name for a source.|
|Source Status|Determines if the product is enabled or disabled in the catalog.|

> |Source Item Status|Determines the current availability of the product. Options:<br />**In Stock** - Makes the product available for purchase.<br />**Out of Stock** - Unless Backorders are activated, prevents the product from being available for purchase and removes the listing from the catalog.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Source Item Status|Determines the current availability of the product. Options:<br />**In Stock** - Makes the product available for purchase.<br />**Out of Stock** - Unless backorders are activated, prevents the product from being available for purchase and removes the listing from the catalog.|
```

Author: done!

> |Qty|On-hand stock amounts for each source, or location, for the source.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Qty|On-hand stock amounts for each source, or location for the source.|
```

Author: done!

> |Notify Qty|An amount for the Notify for Quantity for this specific source if `Notify Quantity Use Default` is not selected.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Notify Qty|An amount for the _Notify for Quantity_ for this specific source if `Notify Quantity Use Default` is not selected.|
```

Author: done, thanks!

> |Notify Qty Use Default|Indicates to use the default setting for Notify for Quantity in the product **Advanced Inventory** or global setting in Store configuration. For more information about **Advanced Inventory** for your product, see [Configure advanced product options]({% link catalog/inventory-product-stock-options.md %}).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Notify Qty Use Default|Indicates to use the default setting for _Notify for Quantity_ in the product Advanced Inventory or global setting in the Store configuration. For more information about advanced inventory settings for your product, see [Configure advanced product options]({% link catalog/inventory-product-stock-options.md %}).|
```

Author: thanks!

> |Actions|**Unassign** - The source is not available for the product. You can use the **Assign Sources** action to make a source available for the product. For more information about **Assign Sources** options, see [Assigning Sources per Product]({% link catalog/inventory-product-sources.md %}).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Actions|For an assigned source, click **Unassign** to make the source not available for the product. For an unassigned source, click **Assign Sources** to make a source available for the product. For more information about Assign Sources options, see [Assigning Sources per Product]({% link catalog/inventory-product-sources.md %}).|
```

Author: done!
